Vladdy their internet people it's
bow-gun so today I took my kids to the
Tallahassee Museum we were there when we
got there
place was packed like crazy we found out
it is Smokey the Bear 75th birthday
Smokey the Bear is 75 years old now and
the Forestry Service was putting on an
event to celebrate his birthday had a
cake and everything for those overseas
Smokey the Bear is our fire prevention
mascot
we got him during World War two all the
firefighters signed up to join the
military
leaving the forests unprotected so we
needed something to encourage personal
responsibility at first Disney loaned
the image of Bambi and we use that and
they realized that animal messengers
were a good thing and Smokey the Bear
was born and the message of only you can
prevent forest fires so while we're
there we walk around the animal
enclosures the tallahassee museum is not
the kind of museum you're thinking of
it's all outdoors and my boy has been
around wolves they're not tamed wolves
but they're familiar with people you
know and he's had good experiences with
him so when he sees the Wolves he wants
to get in the enclosure with them flank
you know that's you know these guys can
be dating yeah I know
I'll respect them they'll respect me all
right Steve Irwin and from there we go
and we see the Florida panther that's a
cougar and he's over there now this
thing's a couple hundred pounds
he's over there calling it a kitty cat
come here and then we get to the bear
and the Bears asleep and this bothers my
son because he sees a ball in the
enclosure who wants to get in there and
play with the bear and the ball and he
tries to wake him up you know
it was it was it was funny
and I talked to them I'm like you
understand these are dangerous animals
right they can be okay and then this
funny thing happened as we're leaving we
run into smokey Smokey the Bear a guy in
a smokey the bear costume my son has
never met a stranger he will talk to
anybody would not go near this guy why
familiarity familiarity my son watches a
lot of animal shows and he's probably
knows more about wolves and bears and
Panthers than I do and he seemed a lot
of these animals in the wild he's
familiar with them he's not familiar
with smokey though he's too young for
school and that's when you meet him so
there's that fear fear of the unknown
has no idea what this thing is a little
bit of Education and introducing it and
all of a sudden my son's weren't one of
those funny hats to me I don't know if
there's any psychological basis for this
but to me there's three kinds of fear
there's rational fear and that's like to
new year's eve the bars just let out
probably not the best time to get on the
road rational fear could otherwise be
described as an abundance of caution
there's irrational fear coming from the
unknown if you don't know what this is
so you're afraid of it that's most fear
in the world that is most fear and then
there's the subconscious fear you know
that fear that just creeps up on you you
get an uneasy feeling about somebody or
a location you're in you know you start
to notice things you become a little bit
more vigilant always pay attention to
that fear that fear is always right even
when it's wrong it's right that kind of
fear is a gift
use it wisely but most fear can be
killed with education learning about the
subject matter whatever it is whether
you're afraid of certain events
happening or a kind of person or
whatever education can normally kill
that fear so in that vein this week when
you're bored think of something you're
afraid of and research it learn about it
kill that fear hopefully whatever it is
he won't find out something to reinforce
it if everybody did that there'd be less
fear there'd be less fear in the world
if there was less fear in the world
there would be less conflict most
conflict is because of a fear of the
unknown so let's make more things known
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night